Israeli attacks have injured more than
50,000 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip
since the 7th of
October thousands are in desperate need
of treatment and medication but
hospitals are overwhelmed and pharmacies
are running low on medicine
supplies if the bombardment does not
kill us we will die from the absent of
medicine for 3 days I have not been able
to find the medicine doctors had
prescribed for my son his body is
getting bloated at as he has not been
able to urinate for
days the health sector in Gaza is
paralyzed more than two3 of hospitals
and primary healthcare clinics have shut
down and over 300 health workers have
been killed in in discriminate Israeli
attacks doesn't say they were tortured
or starved after being arrested and
interrogated many Palestinians believe
they are forgotten by the outside world
and are facing a slow death as a people
a collective death sentence while the
whole world is preaching on human rights
and even animal rights the Palestinians
in Gaza are left without the most basic
of treatment of our sick or our
children Palestinian authorities say
nearly 9,000 children are
injured Israel's war on Gaza has
severely restricted humanitarian Aid
including medicon from entering
Gaza for more than two months we have
not received a single pill or bottle of
syrup medication let alone painkillers
or treatment for chronic diseases these
used to come through the border
crossings which have been closed since
the beginning of the war children's
medications for fever seizures and even
antibiotics and painkillers are totally
absent the Gaza Strip has been under
Israeli sieg for more than 17 years and
it was already hard to find medication
Palestinians say now the war is making
that far
worse R SAR Al jazer